= Showoff

The showoff plugin gives you a simple way to throw arbitrary HTML mockups into your appliction.
You can use static HTML, ERB, or any other templating language (such as HAML) that your 
application supports.  

== How do I install it?

  script/plugin install git://github.com/adamlogic/showoff.git
  script/generate showoff

== Are there any dependencies?

Yes, this plugin only works with Rails 2.3

== How do I use it?

Just throw your mockups into app/views/mockups, then navigate to /mockups in your app.

== Can I see an example?

Once you've run the generator, navigate to /mockups in your app to see some examples.

== What's the point of this?

* Avoid duplicating headers, footers, and other layout cruft by using the same layouts that the rest of your app uses.
* By using the same CSS and JS files as the rest of your app, you avoid the pain of merging these things in later.
* Use partials to keep your mockups more maintainable.
* Because you have access to Ruby (as opposed to static HTML mockups), you can take advantage of looping to avoid duplication.
* If you have a library such as Faker installed, you can use it to generate fake data and Lorum Ipsum text, rather than pasting it in.
* Easily use your templating language of choice when building mockups (I use HAML).
* Because your mockups can follow the same style and conventions as application code, showoff can drastically reduce the time it takes to wire up a mockup.

<em>Copyright (c) 2009 Adam McCrea, released under the MIT license</em>
